Updated CONTRIBUTING documentation (#477)
k8gb-io/k8gb: CONTRIBUTING.md

  These tests are updated only if the change is substantial enough to affect the main end-to-end flow.

- There is a possibility to execute the terratest suite over the real clusters.
For this, you need to override the set of test settings as in the example below.
  ```sh
  PRIMARY_GEO_TAG=af-south-1 \
  SECONDARY_GEO_TAG=eu-west-1 \
  DNS_SERVER1=a377095726f1845fb85b95c2afef8ac0-9a1a10f24e634e28.elb.af-south-1.amazonaws.com \
  DNS_SERVER1_PORT=53 \
  DNS_SERVER2=a873f5c83be624a0a84c05a743d598a8-443f7e0285e4a28f.elb.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com \
  DNS_SERVER2_PORT=53 \
  GSLB_DOMAIN=test.k8gb.io \
  K8GB_CLUSTER1=arn:aws:eks:af-south-1:<aws-account-id>:cluster/k8gb-cluster-af-south-1 \
  K8GB_CLUSTER2=arn:aws:eks:eu-west-1:<aws-account-id>:cluster/k8gb-cluster-eu-west-1 \
  make terratest
  ```

## Debugging

1. Install Delve debugger first. Follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/go-delve/delve/tree/master/Documentation/installation) for specific platforms from Delve's website.

2. Run the following script

    ```shell script

>     > make debug-local

Reviewer: Looks like we don't have `debug-local` target in the Makefile anymore. But we have just `debug`

Author: @ytsarev amended

    ```

3. Attach debugger of your favorite IDE to port `2345`.

## Code style

k8gb project is using the coding style suggested by the Golang community. See the [golang-style-doc](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments) for details.

Please follow this style to make k8gb easy to review, maintain and develop.
Run `make lint` to automatically check if your code is compliant.

> ## Pull Request message

Reviewer: I think Pull Request description and commit message are not mutually exclusive.
```suggestion
## Pull Request description and commit message
```

Author: @ytsarev Then we should probably separate them, because current template is not something we follow for commit messages, only for PR messages. Commit messages are usually following this template:
```
<Desctribe what and why has changed>
```
Do we want commit messages to strictly follow PR message template with additional message body and footer, wdyt?

Reviewer: commit messages can be lightweight.

Quite a frequent scenario when a single commit message is equal PR description.

Another scenario is when several minimalistic commit messages are going to PR description as bullet points of what was done.

```
scripts: add the test-cluster command

This command uses "k3d" to set up a test cluster for debugging.

Fixes #38
```

### Signature

As a CNCF project, k8gb must comply with [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).
[DCO GitHub Check](https://github.com/apps/dco) automatically enforces DCO for all commits.
Contributors are required to ensure that every commit message contains the signature:
`Signed-off-by: NAME SURNAME <email@address.example.org>`
The best way to achieve this automatically is to specify the following alias in the `~/.gitconfig` file:
```.gitconfig
[alias]
ci = commit -s
```
### Changelog
The [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) is automatically generated from Github PRs and Issues during release.
Use dedicated [keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) in PR message or [manual PR and Issue linking](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#manually-linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) for clean changelog generation.

> Issues and PRs should be also properly tagged with valid project tags ("bug", "enhancement", "won't fix", etc )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues and PRs should be also properly tagged with valid project tags ("bug", "enhancement", "wontfix", etc )
```

## k8gb.io website

k8gb.io website is a Jekyll-based static website generated from project markdown documentation and hosted by GitHub Pages.
`gh-pages` branch contains the website source, including configuration, website layout, and styling.
Markdown documents are automatically populated to `gh-pages` from the main branch and should be authored there.
Changes to the k8gb.io website layout and styling should be checked out from `gh-pages` branch and  PRs should be created against `gh-pages`.

### Local website authoring and testing

These instructions will help you to set up and use local website authoring and testing environment:
- Install Jekyll and Bundler following the [instructions](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/).
- Create dedicated [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with `public_repo` permission.
- Run the following command to generate and run the local copy of the k8gb.io website:
  ```sh
  JEKYLL_GITHUB_TOKEN=<GITHUB_PAT_TOKEN> exec jekyll serve --watch --livereload
  ```
  where `<GITHUB_PAT_TOKEN>` is the previously generated GitHub PAT token

> - Open `http://127.0.0.1:4000/` page in your browser

Reviewer: This one begs for accompanied Make target

Author: @ytsarev  I suggest making this in separate PR. There was a suggestion from @k0da in #475 to use docker-based jekyll execution. This needs some tooling investigation and POC, including Makefile target update. Also, either the whole Makefile or just this mentioned target should be merged to the `gh-pages` branch, as website authoring is done against `gh-pages`. 
For now, I'm just describing manual way to run Jekyll tooling locally, which was missing before.

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Contributing to k8gb

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Getting help](#getting-help)
- [Reporting issues](#reporting-issues)
- [Contribution flow](#contribution-flow)
- [Local setup](#local-setup)
  - [Deploy k8gb locally](#deploy-k8gb-locally)
  - [Upgrade k8gb to local candidate](#upgrade-k8gb-to-local-candidate)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Debugging](#debugging)
- [Code style](#code-style)
- [Commit and Pull Request message](#commit-and-pull-request-message)
  - [Signature](#signature)
  - [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [k8gb.io website](#k8gbio-website)
  - [Local website authoring and testing](#local-website-authoring-and-testing)

k8gb is licensed under [Apache 2 License](./LICENSE) and accepts contributions via GitHub pull requests.
This document outlines the resources and guidelines necessary to follow by contributors to the k8gb project.

## Getting started

- Fork the repository on GitHub
- See the [local playground guide](/docs/local.md) for testing environment setup

## Getting help

> Find us at `#sig-multicluster` on kubernetes.slack.com

Reviewer: While we are on it, can we please also mention https://github.com/k8gb-io/k8gb/discussions here?

Author: I also wonder if we can get a dedicated `#k8gb` channel at CNCF Slack (https://cloud-native.slack.com/) as CNCF project. See https://github.com/argoproj/argoproj/issues/47

Author: @ytsarev amended with the project GH discussions.

Reviewer: @somaritane great idea, I've just created `#k8gb` channel there, please amend the docs

Author: @ytsarev Done

## Testing

- Any functional GSLB controller code change should be secured by the corresponding [unit tests](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/k8gb/tree/master/controllers/gslb_controller_test.go).

- Acceptance terratest suite is located [here](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/k8gb/tree/master/terratest) and executable by the `make terratest` target.
  These tests are updated only if the change is substantial enough to affect the main end-to-end flow.

- There is a possibility to execute the terratest suite over the real clusters.
For this, you need to override the set of test settings as in the example below.
  ```sh
  PRIMARY_GEO_TAG=af-south-1 \
  SECONDARY_GEO_TAG=eu-west-1 \
  DNS_SERVER1=a377095726f1845fb85b95c2afef8ac0-9a1a10f24e634e28.elb.af-south-1.amazonaws.com \
  DNS_SERVER1_PORT=53 \
  DNS_SERVER2=a873f5c83be624a0a84c05a743d598a8-443f7e0285e4a28f.elb.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com \
  DNS_SERVER2_PORT=53 \
  GSLB_DOMAIN=test.k8gb.io \
  K8GB_CLUSTER1=arn:aws:eks:af-south-1:<aws-account-id>:cluster/k8gb-cluster-af-south-1 \
  K8GB_CLUSTER2=arn:aws:eks:eu-west-1:<aws-account-id>:cluster/k8gb-cluster-eu-west-1 \
  make terratest

>   ```

Reviewer 2: In order to local environment ,  shouldn't we also add local playground testing ? https://github.com/k8gb-io/k8gb/blob/master/docs/local.md

Author: @kuritka amended
